By not specifying 'modelOrUrl' parameter, you're using the default model: 'MobileNetV2'. See NSFWJS docs for instructions on hosting your own model (https://github.com/infinitered/nsfwjs?tab=readme-ov-file#host-your-own-model).
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 80656
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 35296
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 217376
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 458416
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 156152
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 212296
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 153834
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 149384
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 3716
content-type: image/webp
content-length: 1540
content-type: image/webp
content-length: 1786
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 210430
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 145103
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 254096
content-type: image/gif
content-length: 123363
butt_fatty
ass
boobies_0
assjiggle
tittygrab
boobies
boobas
boobjiggle1
titty_touch
ass_1
tittygrab_0
tittes
nsfw_titjob
boobie
boobjiggle2
deleted assjiggle
deleted ass
deleted ass_1
deleted butt_fatty
deleted boobas
deleted boobies
deleted boobjiggle1
deleted boobjiggle2
deleted boobies_0
deleted boobie
deleted nsfw_titjob
deleted tittygrab
deleted tittygrab_0
deleted tittes
deleted titty_touch
